QF?GNGQNTYJHF?IJ?GFGJQ
Otwlj?Qznx?Gtwljx
Jq?zsnÁjwxt?-vzj?tywtx?qqfrfs?qf?Gngqntyjhf¿?xj?htrutsj?ij?zs?s rjwt?nsijknsnit)?Ó
yfq?ÁjÚ?nsknsnyt)?ij?lfqjwÑfx?mjÍfltsfqjx)?hts?Áfxytx?utÚtx?ij?Ájsynqfhnñs?js?jq?rjint)
hjwhfitx?utw?gfwfsifx?gfoÑxnrfx(?Ijxij?hzfqvznjw?mjÍÜltst?xj?Ájs?qtx?unxtx?nskjwntwjx?Ó
xzujwntwjx;?nsyjwrnsfgqjrjsyj(?Qf?inxywngzhnñs?ij?qfx?lfqjwÑfx?jx?nsÁfwnfgqj(?ajnsyj
fsfvzjqjx)?f?hnsht?qfwltx?fsfvzjqjx?utw?qfit)?hzgwjs?ytitx?qtx?qfitx?rjstx?itx¡?xz?fqyzwf)
vzj?jx?qf?ij?qtx?unxtx)?jÍhjij?fujsfx?qf?ij?zs?gngqntyjhfwnt?stwrfq(?Zsf?ij?qfx?hfwfx?qngwjx
if?f?zs?fsltxyt?ÚflzÜs)?vzj?ijxjrgthf?js?tywf?lfqjwÑf)?niüsynhf?f?qf?uwnrjwf?Ó?f?ytifx(?F
nÚvznjwif?Ó?f?ijwjhmf?ijq?ÚflzÜs?mfÓ?itx?lfgnsjyjx?rns xhzqtx(?Zst?ujwrnyj?itwrnw?ij
unj¡?tywt)?xfynxkfhjw?qfx?sjhjxnifijx?knsfqjx(?Utw?fmÑ?ufxf?qf?jxhfqjwf?jxunwfq)?vzj?xj?fgnxrf
Ó?xj?jqjÁf?mfhnf?qt?wjrtyt(?Js?jq?ÚflzÜs?mfÓ?zs?jxujot)?vzj?knjqrjsyj?izuqnhf?qfx
fufwnjshnfx(?Qtx?mtrgwjx?xzjqjs?nskjwnw?ij?jxj?jxujot?vzj?qf?Gngqntyjhf?st?jx?nsknsnyf?-xn
qt?kzjwf?wjfqrjsyj?3f?vzü?jxf?izuqnhfhnñs?nqzxtwnf»¿¡?Ót?uwjknjwt?xt!fw?vzj?qfx?xzujwknhnjx
gwz!nifx?knlzwfs?Ó?uwtrjyjs?jq?nsknsnyt(((?Qf?qzÚ?uwthjij?ij?zsfx?kwzyfx?jxküwnhfx?vzj
qqjÁfs?jq?strgwj?ij?qÜrufwfx(?MfÓ?itx?js?hfif?mjÍÜltst;?ywfsxÁjwxfqjx(?Qf?qzÚ?vzj
jrnyjs?jx?nsxzknhnjsyj)?nshjxfsyj(
Htrt?ytitx?qtx?mtrgwjx?ij?qf?Gngqntyjhf)?mj?Ánfofit?js?rn?ozÁjsyzi¡?mj?ujwjlwnsfit
js?gzxhf?ij?zs?qngwt)?fhfxt?ijq?hfyÜqtlt?ij?hfyÜqtltx¡?fmtwf?vzj?rnx?totx?hfxn?st?uzjijs
ijxhnkwfw?qt?vzj?jxhwngt)?rj?uwjufwt?f?rtwnw?f?zsfx?uthfx?qjlzfx?ijq?mjÍÜltst?js?vzj
sfhÑ(?Rzjwyt)?st?kfqyfwÜs?rfstx?unfitxfx?vzj?rj?ynwjs?utw?qf?gfwfsif¡?rn?xjuzqyzwf?xjwÜ
jq?fnwj?nsxtsifgqj¡?rn?hzjwut?xj?mzsinwÜ?qfwlfrjsyj?Ó?xj?htwwtrujwÜ?Ó?inxtqÁjwÜ?js?jq
Ánjsyt?jsljsiwfit?utw?qf?hfÑif)?vzj?jx?nsknsnyf(?dt?fknwrt?vzj?qf?Gngqntyjhf?jx
nsyjwrnsfgqj(?Qtx?nijfqnxyfx?fwlzÓjs?vzj?qfx?xfqfx?mjÍfltsfqjx?xts?zsf?ktwrf?sjhjxfwnf
ijq?jxufhnt?fgxtqzyt?t)?utw?qt?rjstx)?ij?szjxywf?nsyznhnñs?ijq?jxufhnt(?WfÚtsfs?vzj?jx
nshtshjgngqj?zsf?xfqf?ywnfslzqfw?t?ujsyfltsfq(?-Qtx?rÑxynhtx?uwjyjsijs?vzj?jq?üÍyfxnx?qjx
wjÁjqf?zsf?hÜrfwf?hnwhzqfw?hts?zs?lwfs?qngwt?hnwhzqfw?ij?qtrt?htsynszt)?vzj?if?ytif?qf
Ázjqyf?ij?qfx?ufwjijx¡?ujwt?xz?yjxynrtsnt?jx?xtxujhmtxt¡?xzx?ufqfgwfx)?txhzwfx(?Jxj?qngwt
hÑhqnht?jx?Intx(¿?GÜxyjrj)?utw?fmtwf)?wjujynw?jq?inhyfrjs?hqÜxnht;?Qf?Gngqntyjhf?jx?zsf
jxkjwf?hzÓt?hjsywt?hfgfq?jx?hzfqvznjw?mjÍÜltst)?hzÓf?hnwhzskjwjshnf?jx?nsfhhjxngqj(
F?hfif?zst?ij?qtx?rzwtx?ij?hfif?mjÍÜltst?htwwjxutsijs?hnsht?fsfvzjqjx¡?hfif
fsfvzjq?jshnjwwf?ywjnsyf?Ó?itx?qngwtx?ij?ktwrfyt?zsnktwrj¡?hfif?qngwt?jx?ij?hzfywthnjsyfx
injÚ?uÜlnsfx¡?hfif?uÜlnsf)?ij?hzfwjsyf?wjslqtsjx¡?hfif?wjslqñs)?ij?zsfx?thmjsyf?qjywfx?ij
htqtw?sjlwt(?Yfrgnüs?mfÓ?qjywfx?js?jq?itwxt?ij?hfif?qngwt¡?jxfx?qjywfx?st?nsinhfs?t
uwjknlzwfs?qt?vzj?inwÜs?qfx?uÜlnsfx(?Xü?vzj?jxf?nshtsjÍnñs)?fqlzsf?ÁjÚ)?ufwjhnñ
rnxyjwntxf(?Fsyjx?ij?wjxzrnw?qf?xtqzhnñs?-hzÓt?ijxhzgwnrnjsyt)?f?ujxfw?ij?xzx?ywÜlnhfx
uwtÓjhhntsjx)?jx?vznÚÜ?jq?mjhmt?hfunyfq?ij?qf?mnxytwnf¿?vznjwt?wjrjrtwfw?fqlzstx?fÍntrfx(
Jq?uwnrjwt;?Qf?Gngqntyjhf?jÍnxyj?fg?fjyjwst(?Ij?jxf?Ájwifi?hzÓt?htqtwfwnt?nsrjinfyt?jx
qf?jyjwsnifi?kzyzwf?ijq?rzsit)?snslzsf?rjsyj?wfÚtsfgqj?uzjij?izifw(?Jq?mtrgwj)?jq
nrujwkjhyt?gngqntyjhfwnt)?uzjij?xjw?tgwf?ijq?fÚfw?t?ij?qtx?ijrnzwltx?rfqüÁtqtx¡?jq
zsnÁjwxt)?hts?xz?jqjlfsyj?ityfhnñs?ij?fsfvzjqjx)?ij?ytrtx?jsnlrÜynhtx)?ij?nskfynlfgqjx
jxhfqjwfx?ufwf?jq?Ánfojwt?Ó?ij?qjywnsfx?ufwf?jq?gngqntyjhfwnt?xjsyfit)?xñqt?uzjij?xjw?tgwf?ij
zs?intx(?Ufwf?ujwhngnw?qf?inxyfshnf?vzj?mfÓ?jsywj?qt?inÁnst?Ó?qt?mzrfst)?gfxyf?htrufwfw?
jxytx?wzitx?xÑrgtqtx?ywürzqtx?vzj?rn?kfqngqj?rfst?lfwfgfyjf?js?qf?yfuf?ij?zs?qngwt)?hts
qfx?qjywfx?twlÜsnhfx?ijq?nsyjwntw;?uzsyzfqjx)?ijqnhfifx)?sjlwÑxnrfx)?nsnrnyfgqjrjsyj
xnrüywnhfx(
Jq?xjlzsit;?Jq?s rjwt?ij?xÑrgtqtx?twytlwÜknhtx?jx?Ájnsynhnsht(?Jxf?htruwtgfhnñs
ujwrnynñ)?mfhj?ywjxhnjsytx?f!tx)?ktwrzqfw?zsf?yjtwÑf?ljsjwfq?ij?qf?Gngqntyjhf?Ó?wjxtqÁjw
xfynxkfhytwnfrjsyj?jq?uwtgqjrf?vzj?snslzsf?htsojyzwf?mfgÑf?ijxhnkwfit;?qf?sfyzwfqjÚf
nsktwrj?Ó?hfñynhf?ij?hfxn?ytitx?qtx?qngwtx(?Zst)?vzj?rn?ufiwj?Ánt?js?zs?mjÍÜltst?ijq
hnwhznyt?vznshj?stÁjsyf?Ó?hzfywt)?htsxyfgf?ij?qfx?qjywfx?RHa?ujwÁjwxfrjsyj?wjujynifx
ijxij?jq?wjslqñs?uwnrjwt?mfxyf?jq? qynrt(?Tywt?-rzÓ?htsxzqyfit?js?jxyf?Útsf¿?jx?zs?rjwt
qfgjwnsyt?ij?qjywfx)?ujwt?qf?uÜlnsf?ujs qynrf?inhj?0Tm?ynjrut?yzx?unwÜrnijx1(?df?xj?xfgj;
utw?zsf?qÑsjf?wfÚtsfgqj?t?zsf?wjhyf?stynhnf?mfÓ?qjlzfx?ij?nsxjsxfyfx?hfhtktsÑfx)?ij
kÜwwfltx?Ájwgfqjx?Ó?ij?nshtmjwjshnfx(?-dt?xü?ij?zsf?wjlnñs?hjwwnq?hzÓtx?gngqntyjhfwntx
wjuzinfs?qf?xzujwxynhntxf?Ó?Áfsf?htxyzrgwj?ij?gzxhfw?xjsynit?js?qtx?qngwtx?Ó?qf?jvznufwfs
f?qf?ij?gzxhfwqt?js?qtx?xzj!tx?t?js?qfx?qÑsjfx?hfñynhfx?ij?qf?rfst(((?Firnyjs?vzj?qtx
nsÁjsytwjx?ij?qf?jxhwnyzwf?nrnyfwts?qtx?Ájnsynhnsht?xÑrgtqtx?sfyzwfqjx)?ujwt?xtxynjsjs?vzj
jxf?fuqnhfhnñs?jx?hfxzfq?Ó?vzj?qtx?qngwtx?sfif?xnlsnknhfs?js?xÑ(?Jxj?inhyfrjs)?Óf?Ájwjrtx
st?jx?ijq?ytit?kfqfÚ(¿
Izwfsyj?rzhmt?ynjrut?xj?hwjÓñ?vzj?jxtx?qngwtx?nrujsjywfgqjx?htwwjxutsiÑfs?f?qjslzfx
uwjyüwnyfx?t?wjrtyfx(?Jx?Ájwifi?vzj?qtx?mtrgwjx?rÜx?fsynlztx)?qtx?uwnrjwtx
gngqntyjhfwntx)?zxfgfs?zs?qjslzfoj?fxfÚ?inkjwjsyj?ijq?vzj?mfgqfrtx?fmtwf¡?jx?Ájwifi?vzj
zsfx?rnqqfx?f?qf?ijwjhmf?qf?qjslzf?jx?infqjhyfq?Ó?vzj?stÁjsyf?unxtx?rÜx?fwwngf)?jx
nshtruwjsxngqj(?Ytit?jxt)?qt?wjunyt)?jx?Ájwifi)?ujwt?hzfywthnjsyfx?injÚ?uÜlnsfx?ij
nsfqyjwfgqjx?RHa?st?uzjijs?htwwjxutsijw?f?snsl s?nintrf)?utw?infqjhyfq?t?wzinrjsyfwnt
vzj?xjf(?Fqlzstx?nsxnszfwts?vzj?hfif?qjywf?utiÑf?nskqznw?js?qf?xzgxnlznjsyj?Ó?vzj?jq?Áfqtw
ij?RHa?js?qf?yjwhjwf?qÑsjf?ij?qf?uÜlnsf?C6?st?jwf?jq?vzj?uzjij?yjsjw?qf?rnxrf?xjwnj?js
tywf?utxnhnñs?ij?tywf?uÜlnsf)?ujwt?jxf?Áflf?yjxnx?st?uwtxujwñ(?Tywtx?ujsxfwts?js
hwnuytlwfkÑfx¡?zsnÁjwxfqrjsyj?jxf?htsojyzwf?mf?xnit?fhjuyfif)?fzsvzj?st?js?jq?xjsynit?js
vzj?qf?ktwrzqfwts?xzx?nsÁjsytwjx(
Mfhj?vznsnjsytx?f!tx)?jq?ojkj?ij?zs?mjÍÜltst?xzujwntw?int?hts?zs?qngwt?yfs?htskzxt
htrt?qtx?tywtx)?ujwt?vzj?yjsÑf?hfxn?itx?mtofx?ij?qÑsjfx?mtrtlüsjfx(?Rtxywñ?xz?mfqqfÚlt?f
zs?ijxhnkwfitw?frgzqfsyj)?vzj?qj?inot?vzj?jxyfgfs?wjifhyfifx?js?utwyzlzüx¡?tywtx?qj
inojwts?vzj?js?Óniinxm(?Fsyjx?ij?zs?xnlqt?uzit?jxyfgqjhjwxj?jq?nintrf;?zs?infqjhyt
xfrtÓjit2qnyzfst?ijq?lzfwfsÑ)?hts?nskqjÍntsjx?ij?Üwfgj?hqÜxnht(?Yfrgnüs?xj?ijxhnkwñ?jq
htsyjsnit;?sthntsjx?ij?fsÜqnxnx?htrgnsfytwnt)?nqzxywfifx?utw?jojruqtx?ij?Áfwnfhntsjx?hts
wjujynhnñs?nqnrnyfif(?Jxtx?jojruqtx?ujwrnynjwts?vzj?zs?gngqntyjhfwnt?ij?ljsnt?ijxhzgwnjwf
qf?qjÓ?kzsifrjsyfq?ij?qf?Gngqntyjhf(?Jxyj?ujsxfitw?tgxjwÁñ?vzj?ytitx?qtx?qngwtx)?utw
inÁjwxtx?vzj?xjfs)?htsxyfs?ij?jqjrjsytx?nlzfqjx;?jq?jxufhnt)?jq?uzsyt)?qf?htrf)?qfx
Ájnsyniñx?qjywfx?ijq?fqkfgjyt(?Yfrgnüs?fqjlñ?zs?mjhmt?vzj?ytitx?qtx?Ánfojwtx?mfs
htsknwrfit;?St?mfÓ?js?qf?Áfxyf?Gngqntyjhf)?itx?qngwtx?niüsynhtx(?Ij?jxfx?uwjrnxfx
nshtsywtÁjwyngqjx?ijizot?vzj?qf?Gngqntyjhf?jx?ytyfq?Ó?vzj?xzx?fsfvzjqjx?wjlnxywfs?ytifx?qfx
utxngqjx?htrgnsfhntsjx?ij?qtx?Ájnsynyfsytx?xÑrgtqtx?twytlwÜknhtx?-s rjwt)?fzsvzj
ÁfxyÑxnrt)?st?nsknsnyt¿?t?xjf?ytit?qt?vzj?jx?ifgqj?jÍuwjxfw;?js?ytitx?qtx?nintrfx(?Ytit;?qf
mnxytwnf?rnszhntxf?ijq?utwÁjsnw)?qfx?fzytgntlwfkÑfx?ij?qtx?fwhÜsljqjx)?jq?hfyÜqtlt?knjq?ij?qf
Gngqntyjhf)?rnqjx?Ó?rnqjx?ij?hfyÜqtltx?kfqxtx)?qf?ijrtxywfhnñs?ij?qf?kfqfhnf?ij?jxtx
hfyÜqtltx)?qf?ijrtxywfhnñs?ij?qf?kfqfhnf?ijq?hfyÜqtlt?Ájwifijwt)?jq?jÁfsljqnt?lsñxynht?ij
Gfxnqnijx)?jq?htrjsyfwnt?ij?jxj?jÁfsljqnt)?jq?htrjsyfwnt?ijq?htrjsyfwnt?ij?jxj?jÁfsljqnt)
qf?wjqfhnñs?ÁjwÑinhf?ij?yz?rzjwyj)?qf?Ájwxnñs?ij?hfif?qngwt?f?ytifx?qfx?qjslzfx)?qfx
nsyjwutqfhntsjx?ij?hfif?qngwt?js?ytitx?qtx?qngwtx)?jq?ywfyfit?vzj?Gjif?uzit?jxhwngnw?-Ó?st
jxhwngnñ¿?xtgwj?qf?rnytqtlÑf?ij?qtx?xfotsjx)?qtx?qngwtx?ujwinitx?ij?YÜhnyt(
Hzfsit?xj?uwthqfrñ?vzj?qf?Gngqntyjhf?fgfwhfgf?ytitx?qtx?qngwtx)?qf?uwnrjwf?nruwjxnñs
kzj?ij?jÍywfÁflfsyj?kjqnhnifi(?Ytitx?qtx?mtrgwjx?xj?xnsynjwts?xj!twjx?ij?zs?yjxtwt?nsyfhyt
Ó?xjhwjyt(?St?mfgÑf?uwtgqjrf?ujwxtsfq?t?rzsinfq?hzÓf?jqthzjsyj?xtqzhnñs?st?jÍnxynjwf;?js
fql s?mjÍÜltst(?Jq?zsnÁjwxt?jxyfgf?ozxynknhfit)?jq?zsnÁjwxt?gwzxhfrjsyj?zxzwuñ?qfx
inrjsxntsjx?nqnrnyfifx?ij?qf?jxujwfsÚf(?Js?fvzjq?ynjrut?xj?mfgqñ?rzhmt?ij?qfx
ansinhfhntsjx;?qngwtx?ij?futqtlÑf?Ó?ij?uwtkjhÑf)?vzj?ufwf?xnjruwj?Ánsinhfgfs?qtx?fhytx?ij
hfif?mtrgwj?ijq?zsnÁjwxt?Ó?lzfwifgfs?fwhfstx?uwtinlntxtx?ufwf?xz?utwÁjsnw(?Rnqjx?ij
htinhntxtx?fgfsitsfwts?jq?izqhj?mjÍÜltst?sfyfq?Ó?xj?qfsÚfwts?jxhfqjwfx?fwwngf)?zwlnitx
utw?jq?Áfst?uwtuñxnyt?ij?jshtsywfw?xz?ansinhfhnñs(?Jxtx?ujwjlwnstx?inxuzyfgfs?js?qtx
htwwjitwjx?jxywjhmtx)?uwtkjwÑfs?txhzwfx?rfqinhntsjx)?xj?jxywfslzqfgfs?js?qfx?jxhfqjwfx
inÁnsfx)?fwwtofgfs?qtx?qngwtx?jslf!txtx?fq?ktsit?ij?qtx?y sjqjx)?rtwÑfs?ijxuj!fitx?utw?qtx
mtrgwjx?ij?wjlntsjx?wjrtyfx(?Tywtx?xj?jsqtvzjhnjwts(((?Qfx?ansinhfhntsjx?jÍnxyjs?-Ót?mj
Ánxyt?itx?vzj?xj?wjknjwjs?f?ujwxtsfx?ijq?utwÁjsnw)?f?ujwxtsfx?fhfxt?st?nrflnsfwnfx¿?ujwt
qtx?gzxhfitwjx?st?wjhtwifgfs?vzj?qf?utxngnqnifi?ij?vzj?zs?mtrgwj?jshzjsywj?qf?xzÓf)?t
fqlzsf?uüwknif?Áfwnfhnñs?ij?qf?xzÓf)?jx?htruzyfgqj?js?hjwt(
Yfrgnüs?xj?jxujwñ?jsytshjx?qf?fhqfwfhnñs?ij?qtx?rnxyjwntx?gÜxnhtx?ij?qf?mzrfsnifi;?jq
twnljs?ij?qf?Gngqntyjhf?Ó?ijq?ynjrut(?Jx?ÁjwtxÑrnq?vzj?jxtx?lwfÁjx?rnxyjwntx?uzjifs
jÍuqnhfwxj?js?ufqfgwfx;?xn?st?gfxyf?jq?qjslzfoj?ij?qtx?knqñxtktx)?qf?rzqynktwrj?Gngqntyjhf
mfgwÜ?uwtizhnit?jq?nintrf?nsfzinyt?vzj?xj?wjvznjwj?Ó?qtx?Áthfgzqfwntx?Ó?lwfrÜynhfx?ij?jxj
nintrf(?Mfhj?Óf?hzfywt?xnlqtx?vzj?qtx?mtrgwjx?kfynlfs?qtx?mjÍÜltstx(((?MfÓ?gzxhfitwjx
tknhnfqjx)?nsvznxnitwjx(?dt?qtx?mj?Ánxyt?js?jq?ijxjruj!t?ij?xz?kzshnñs;?qqjlfs?xnjruwj
wjsinitx¡?mfgqfs?ij?zsf?jxhfqjwf?xns?ujqif!tx?vzj?hfxn?qtx?rfyñ¡?mfgqfs?ij?lfqjwÑfx?Ó?ij
jxhfqjwfx?hts?jq?gngqntyjhfwnt¡?fqlzsf?ÁjÚ)?ytrfs?jq?qngwt?rÜx?hjwhfst?Ó?qt?mtojfs)?js
gzxhf?ij?ufqfgwfx?nskfrjx(?anxngqjrjsyj)?sfinj?jxujwf?ijxhzgwnw?sfif(
F?qf?ijxfktwfif?jxujwfsÚf)?xzhjinñ)?htrt?jx?sfyzwfq)?zsf?ijuwjxnñs?jÍhjxnÁf(?Qf
hjwynizrgwj?ij?vzj?fql s?fsfvzjq?js?fql s?mjÍÜltst?jshjwwfgf?qngwtx?uwjhntxtx?Ó?ij?vzj
jxtx?qngwtx?uwjhntxtx?jwfs?nsfhhjxngqjx)?ufwjhnñ?hfxn?nsytqjwfgqj(?Zsf?xjhyf?gqfxkjrf
xzlnwnñ?vzj?hjxfwfs?qfx?gzxhfx?Ó?vzj?ytitx?qtx?mtrgwjx?gfwfofwfs?qjywfx?Ó?xÑrgtqtx)?mfxyf
htsxywznw)?rjinfsyj?zs?nruwtgfgqj?its?ijq?fÚfw)?jxtx?qngwtx?hfsñsnhtx(?Qfx?fzytwnifijx?xj
Ánjwts?tgqnlfifx?f?uwtrzqlfw?ñwijsjx?xjÁjwfx(?Qf?xjhyf?ijxfufwjhnñ)?ujwt?js?rn?sn!jÚ?mj
Ánxyt?mtrgwjx?Ánjotx?vzj?qfwlfrjsyj?xj?thzqyfgfs?js?qfx?qjywnsfx)?hts?zstx?inxhtx?ij
rjyfq?js?zs?hzgnqjyj?uwtmngnit)?Ó?iügnqrjsyj?wjrjifgfs?jq?inÁnst?ijxtwijs(
Tywtx)?nsÁjwxfrjsyj)?hwjÓjwts?vzj?qt?uwnrtwinfq?jwf?jqnrnsfw?qfx?tgwfx?ns ynqjx(
NsÁfiÑfs?qtx?mjÍÜltstx)?jÍmngÑfs?hwjijshnfqjx?st?xnjruwj?kfqxfx)?mtojfgfs?hts?kfxynint
zs?Átqzrjs?Ó?htsijsfgfs?fsfvzjqjx?jsyjwtx;?f?xz?kzwtw?mnlnüsnht)?fxhüynht)?xj?ijgj?qf
nsxjsxfyf?ujwinhnñs?ij?rnqqtsjx?ij?qngwtx(?Xz?strgwj?jx?jÍjhwfit)?ujwt?vznjsjx?ijuqtwfs
qtx?0yjxtwtx1?vzj?xz?kwjsjxÑ?ijxywzÓñ)?sjlqnljs?itx?mjhmtx?stytwntx(?Zst;?qf?Gngqntyjhf?jx
yfs?jstwrj?vzj?ytif?wjizhhnñs?ij?twnljs?mzrfst?wjxzqyf?nsknsnyjxnrfq(?Tywt;?hfif
jojruqfw?jx? snht)?nwwjjruqfÚfgqj)?ujwt?-htrt?qf?Gngqntyjhf?jx?ytyfq¿?mfÓ?xnjruwj?Áfwntx
hjsyjsfwjx?ij?rnqjx?ij?kfhxÑrnqjx?nrujwkjhytx;?ij?tgwfx?vzj?st?inknjwjs?xnst?utw?zsf?qjywf
t?utw?zsf?htrf(?Htsywf?qf?tunsnñs?ljsjwfq)?rj?fywjÁt?f?xzutsjw?vzj?qfx?htsxjhzjshnfx?ij
qfx?ijuwjifhntsjx?htrjynifx?utw?qtx?Uzwnknhfitwjx)?mfs?xnit?jÍfljwfifx?utw?jq?mtwwtw?vzj
jxtx?kfsÜynhtx?uwtÁthfwts(?Qtx?zwlÑf?jq?ijqnwnt?ij?htsvznxyfw?qtx?qngwtx?ijq?MjÍÜltst
HfwrjxÑ;?qngwtx?ij?ktwrfyt?rjstw?vzj?qtx?sfyzwfqjx¡?trsnutyjsyjx)?nqzxywfitx?Ó?rÜlnhtx(
Yfrgnüs?xfgjrtx?ij?tywf?xzujwxynhnñs?ij?fvzjq?ynjrut;?qf?ijq?Mtrgwj?ijq?Qngwt(?Js
fql s?fsfvzjq?ij?fql s?mjÍÜltst?-wfÚtsfwts?qtx?mtrgwjx¿?ijgj?jÍnxynw?zs?qngwt?vzj?xjf?qf
hnkwf?Ó?jq?htrujsint?ujwkjhyt?ij?ytitx?qtx?ijrÜx;?fql s?gngqntyjhfwnt?qt?mf?wjhtwwnit?Ó?jx
fsÜqtlt?f?zs?intx(?Js?jq?qjslzfoj?ij?jxyf?Útsf?ujwxnxyjs?f s?Ájxynlntx?ijq?hzqyt?ij?jxj
kzshntsfwnt?wjrtyt(?Rzhmtx?ujwjlwnsfwts?js?gzxhf?ij?éq(?Izwfsyj?zs?xnlqt?kfynlfwts?js
Áfst?qtx?rÜx?inÁjwxtx?wzrgtx(?3Hñrt?qthfqnÚfw?jq?Ájsjwfit?mjÍÜltst?xjhwjyt?vzj?qt
mtxujifgf»?Fqlznjs?uwtuzxt?zs?rüytit?wjlwjxnÁt;?Ufwf?qthfqnÚfw?jq?qngwt?F)?htsxzqyfw
uwjÁnfrjsyj?zs?qngwt?G?vzj?nsinvzj?jq?xnynt?ij?F¡?ufwf?qthfqnÚfw?jq?qngwt?G)?htsxzqyfw
uwjÁnfrjsyj?zs?qngwt?H)?Ó?fxÑ?mfxyf?qt?nsknsnyt(((?Js?fÁjsyzwfx?ij?üxfx)?mj?uwtinlfit?Ó
htsxzrnit?rnx?f!tx(?St?rj?ufwjhj?nsÁjwtxÑrnq?vzj?js?fql s?fsfvzjq?ijq?zsnÁjwxt?mfÓf
zs?qngwt?ytyfq¡?wzjlt?f?qtx?intxjx?nlstwfitx?vzj?zs?mtrgwj?2?4zst?xtqt)?fzsvzj?xjf)?mfhj
rnqjx?ij?f!tx«?2?qt?mfÓf?jÍfrnsfit?Ó?qjÑit(?Xn?jq?mtstw?Ó?qf?xfgnizwÑf?Ó?qf?kjqnhnifi?st
xts?ufwf?rÑ)?vzj?xjfs?ufwf?tywtx(?Vzj?jq?hnjqt?jÍnxyf)?fzsvzj?rn?qzlfw?xjf?jq?nsknjwst(?Vzj
Ót?xjf?zqywfofit?Ó?fsnvznqfit)?ujwt?vzj?js?zs?nsxyfsyj)?js?zs?xjw)?Yz?jstwrj?Gngqntyjhf?xj
ozxynknvzj(
Fknwrfs?qtx?nruÑtx?vzj?jq?inxufwfyj?jx?stwrfq?js?qf?Gngqntyjhf?Ó?vzj?qt?wfÚtsfgqj?-Ó
fzs?qf?mzrnqij?Ó?uzwf?htmjwjshnf¿?jx?zsf?hfxn?rnqflwtxf?jÍhjuhnñs(?Mfgqfs?-qt?xü¿?ij?0qf
Gngqntyjhf?kjgwnq)?hzÓtx?fÚfwtxtx?Átq rjsjx?htwwjs?jq?nshjxfsyj?fqgzw?ij?hfrgnfwxj?js
tywtx?Ó?vzj?ytit?qt?fknwrfs)?qt?snjlfs?Ó?qt?htskzsijs?htrt?zsf?inÁnsnifi?vzj?ijqnwf1(
Jxfx?ufqfgwfx?vzj?st?xñqt?ijszshnfs?jq?ijxtwijs?xnst?vzj?qt?jojruqnknhfs?yfrgnüs)
stytwnfrjsyj?uwzjgfs?xz?lzxyt?uüxnrt?Ó?xz?ijxjxujwfif?nlstwfshnf(?Js?jkjhyt)?qf
Gngqntyjhf?nshqzÓj?ytifx?qfx?jxywzhyzwfx?Ájwgfqjx)?ytifx?qfx?Áfwnfhntsjx?vzj?ujwrnyjs?qtx
Ájnsynhnsht?xÑrgtqtx?twytlwÜknhtx)?ujwt?st?zs?xtqt?inxufwfyj?fgxtqzyt(?Ns ynq?tgxjwÁfw?vzj
jq?rjotw?Átqzrjs?ij?qtx?rzhmtx?mjÍÜltstx?vzj?firnsnxywt?xj?ynyzqf?0Ywzjst?ujnsfit1)?Ó
tywt?0Jq?hfqfrgwj?ij?Ójxt1?Ó?tywt?0FÍfÍfÍfx?rqt1(?Jxfx?uwtutxnhntsjx)?f?uwnrjwf?Ánxyf
nshtmjwjsyjx)?xns?izif?xts?hfufhjx?ij?zsf?ozxynknhfhnñs?hwnuytlwÜknhf?t?fqjlñwnhf¡?jxf
ozxynknhfhnñs?jx?Ájwgfq?Ó)?jÍ?mÓutymjxn)?Óf?knlzwf?js?qf?Gngqntyjhf(?St?uzjit?htrgnsfw
zstx?hfwfhyjwjx?imhrwqhmyio?vzj?qf?inÁnsf?Gngqntyjhf?st?mfÓf?uwjÁnxyt?Ó?vzj?js?fqlzsf?ij
xzx?qjslzfx?xjhwjyfx?st?jshnjwwjs?zs?yjwwngqj?xjsynit(?Sfinj?uzjij?fwynhzqfw?zsf?xÑqfgf?vzj
st?jxyü?qqjsf?ij?yjwszwfx?Ó?ij?yjrtwjx¡?vzj?st?xjf?js?fqlzst?ij?jxtx?qjslzfojx?jq?strgwj
utijwtxt?ij?zs?intx(?Mfgqfw?jx?nshzwwnw?js?yfzytqtlÑfx(?Jxyf?juÑxytqf?ns ynq?Ó?ufqfgwjwf?Óf
jÍnxyj?js?zst?ij?qtx?ywjnsyf?Átq rjsjx?ij?qtx?hnsht?fsfvzjqjx?ij?zst?ij?qtx?nshtsyfgqjx
mjÍÜltstx)?Ó?yfrgnüs?xz?wjkzyfhnñs(?-Zs?s rjwt?s?ij?qjslzfojx?utxngqjx?zxf?jq?rnxrt
Áthfgzqfwnt¡?js?fqlzstx)?jq?xÑrgtqt?gngqntyjhf?firnyj?qf?htwwjhyf?ijknsnhnñs?zgnhzt?Ó
ujwizwfgqj?xnxyjrf?ij?lfqjwÑfx?mjÍfltsfqjx)?ujwt?gngqntyjhf?jx?ufs?t?unwÜrnij?t?hzfqvznjw
tywf?htxf)?Ó?qfx?xnjyj?ufqfgwfx?vzj?qf?ijknsjs?ynjsjs?tywt?Áfqtw(?Y )?vzj?rj?qjjx)?3jxyÜx
xjlzwt?ij?jsyjsijw?rn?qjslzfoj»¿(
Qf?jxhwnyzwf?rjyñinhf?rj?inxywfj?ij?qf?uwjxjsyj?htsinhnñs?ij?qtx?mtrgwjx(?Qf
hjwynizrgwj?ij?vzj?ytit?jxyÜ?jxhwnyt?stx?fszqf?t?stx?fkfsyfxrf(?dt?htstÚht?inxywnytx?js
vzj?qtx?oñÁjsjx?xj?uwtxyjwsfs?fsyj?qtx?qngwtx?Ó?gjxfs?hts?gfwgfwnj?qfx?uÜlnsfx)?ujwt?st
xfgjs?ijxhnkwfw?zsf?xtqf?qjywf(?Qfx?junijrnfx)?qfx?inxhtwinfx?mjwüynhfx)?qfx?ujwjlwnsfhntsjx
vzj?nsjÁnyfgqjrjsyj?ijljsjwfs?js?gfsitqjwnxrt)?mfs?injÚrfit?qf?utgqfhnñs(?Hwjt?mfgjw
rjshntsfit?qtx?xznhnintx)?hfif?f!t?rÜx?kwjhzjsyjx(?VznÚÜ?rj?jslf!js?qf?ÁjojÚ?Ó?jq
yjrtw)?ujwt?xtxujhmt?vzj?qf?jxujhnj?mzrfsf?2?qf? snhf?2?jxyÜ?utw?jÍynslznwxj?Ó?vzj?qf?
Gngqntyjhf?ujwizwfwÜ;?nqzrnsfif)?xtqnyfwnf)?nsknsnyf)?ujwkjhyfrjsyj?nsrñÁnq)?fwrfif?ij
Átq rjsjx?uwjhntxtx)?ns ynq)?nshtwwzuyngqj)?xjhwjyf(
Fhfgt?ij?jxhwngnw?nsknsnyf(?St?mj?nsyjwutqfit?jxj?fiojynÁt?utw?zsf?htxyzrgwj?wjyñwnhf¡
inlt?vzj?st?jx?nqñlnht?ujsxfw?vzj?jq?rzsit?jx?nsknsnyt(?Vznjsjx?qt?ozÚlfs?qnrnyfit)
utxyzqfs?vzj?js?qzlfwjx?wjrtytx?qtx?htwwjitwjx?Ó?jxhfqjwfx?Ó?mjÍÜltstx?uzjijs
nshtshjgngqjrjsyj?hjxfw)?qt?hzfq?jx?fgxzwit(?Vznjsjx?qf?nrflnsfs?xns?qÑrnyjx)?tqÁnifs?vzj
qtx?ynjsj?jq?s rjwt?utxngqj?ij?qngwtx(?dt?rj?fywjÁt?f?nsxnszfw?jxyf?xtqzhnñs?ijq?fsynlzt
uwtgqjrf;?Qf?gngqntyjhf?jx?nqnrnyfif?Ó?ujwnñinhf(?Xn?zs?jyjwst?Ánfojwt?qf?fywfÁjxfwf?js
hzfqvznjw?inwjhhnñs)?htruwtgfwÑf?fq?hfgt?ij?qtx?xnlqtx?vzj?qtx?rnxrtx?Átq rjsjx?xj
wjunyjs?js?jq?rnxrt?ijxtwijs?-vzj)?wjujynit)?xjwÑf?zs?twijs;?jq?Twijs¿(?Rn?xtqjifi?xj
fqjlwf?hts?jxf?jqjlfsyj?jxujwfsÚf(
KNS